Replace docker2singularity with singularity native (#528)
bids-standard/bids-website: docs/getting_started/bids_apps/tutorial.md

## Running a BIDS App on a cluster (HPC)

HPC clusters typically require Apptainer/Singularity rather than Docker.

> Apptainer (and later versions of Singularity) contain direct support for [Docker/OCI images](https://apptainer.org/docs/user/latest/docker_and_oci.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apptainer (and later versions of Singularity) directly support [Docker/OCI images](https://apptainer.org/docs/user/latest/docker_and_oci.html).
```
